Ische/make bitcoin processor return complete blocks (#385)
decentralized-identity/sidetree: docs/implementation.md

```

#### Response body schema

> > Note: The transactions array will always end with a complete block of data, but can start in the middle of a block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The transactions array must always end with a complete block of data, but can start in the middle of a block if `since` query parameter is provided.
```
